Name: Christian G. Zommerfelds
Student Number: 20493973
User-id: cgzommer
Assignment: 5

The final executable was compiled on this machine: gl11

How to invoke my program: 
./game

How to use my extra features: 
Click on the according menu entries to see the effect.
Game controls: arrow keys
More in docs/Report.pdf

I have created the following data files, which are in the data directory:
- data/*.data: Raw image file in RGB formal generated from the images in data/orig/
- data/orig/*: All textures in more common formats. I didn't create them but their licence
               allows me to use them. See data/orig/credits for credits and licences.

Also in the data directory:
- data/glow.frag: Glow fragment shader
- data/glow.vert: Glow vertex shader

My program assumes the following: 


Objectives:

1)  The main robot, small robots and other game objects have been modeled and display correctly.
    Each little robot has unique shading.
    
2)  Animation of the main and small robots are displayed correctly and are triggered by the
    player’s according actions. At least three different animated actions have been created.
    
3)  Implementation of the floating object data structure using 3D Bézier curves. Rendering of
    the generated mesh works. Joints are generated and look smooth. Game can load and generate
    the floating objects (i.e., the level) from different level files.
    
4)  Player can twist the floating object around its own axis in real-time at specific positions
    in the level. The object looks solid and does not shrink.
    
5)  Texture mapping on the main floating object is rendered with different appearance on each side.
    Smooth texture transitions are implemented when two sides with different appearance meet.
    
6)  Particle system works and produces the desired surrealistic effect on the floating object.

7)  Third person view that follows the orientation of the player works. Mouse can be used to rotate
    view around player. A texture background is rendered using a sky box or sky dome.
    
8)  A glow effect is visible around the floating object. It can be turned on and off and glowing
    properties like size should are modifiable in the menu.
    
9)  The motion blur shader produces blur when objects move rapidly. User can deactivate or increase
    the effect of the shader.
    
10) Sounds play at the right time and ambiance music is present.
